README.md, before:

# Python Weekly 🐍🎯

Python Weekly is a collection of some little programming tips with Python for 10 days (every Sunday) by @daoodaba975

![python-v-3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-v3.7-blue)

## List of tips 📜🔗

> **Week 1️⃣** > **Displays the multiplication table for a number 📟**<br>
> **Week 2️⃣** > **Find a file in a directory on your machine 🔎**<br>
> **Week 3️⃣** > **Transforms a image into black & white 🖼**<br>
> **Week 4️⃣** > **Generate a QR Code 🏁**<br>
> **Week 5️⃣** > **Open a link on your browser 🌐**<br>
> **Week 6️⃣** > **Automate your keyboard 👾**<br>
> **Week 7️⃣** > **Play a sound 🎼**<br>
> **Week 8️⃣** > **Replace a given character with another character 🔄**<br>
> **Week 9️⃣** > **Unzip a zip file 📂**<br>
> **Week 🔟** > **Reverse a character string ↩**<br>

## Community 👩🏽‍💻👨🏽‍💻

> **Note:**
> This project is open source and is particularly aimed at beginners but also to the whole Python community all over the world.

We are also on **[Twitter](https://twitter.com/galsendev221)**, **[Telegram](https://t.me/galsendev221)** & **[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/galsendev221)**

### License 💼🎫

All the code published here is open source & under the **[MIT License](https://github.com/Galsen-Dev-LAB/python-weekly/blob/master/LICENSE.md)** ✔

Commit message:

adding Made-In-Senegal badge ✨✅

README.md, after:

# Python Weekly 🐍🎯

Python Weekly is a collection of some little programming tips with Python for 10 days (every Sunday) by **[@daoodaba975](https://github.com/daoodaba975)**

`Using Python version 3.7`

[![Made-In-Senegal](https://github.com/GalsenDev221/made.in.senegal/blob/master/assets/badge.svg)](https://github.com/GalsenDev221/made.in.senegal)

## List of tips 📜🔗

> **Week 1️⃣** > **Displays the multiplication table for a number 📟**<br>
> **Week 2️⃣** > **Find a file in a directory on your machine 🔎**<br>
> **Week 3️⃣** > **Transforms a image into black & white 🖼**<br>
> **Week 4️⃣** > **Generate a QR Code 🏁**<br>
> **Week 5️⃣** > **Open a link on your browser 🌐**<br>
> **Week 6️⃣** > **Automate your keyboard 👾**<br>
> **Week 7️⃣** > **Play a sound 🎼**<br>
> **Week 8️⃣** > **Replace a given character with another character 🔄**<br>
> **Week 9️⃣** > **Unzip a zip file 📂**<br>
> **Week 🔟** > **Reverse a character string ↩**<br>

## Community 👩🏽‍💻👨🏽‍💻

> **Note:**
> This project is open source and is particularly aimed at beginners but also to the whole Python community all over the world.

We are also on **[Twitter](https://twitter.com/galsendev221)**, **[Telegram](https://t.me/galsendev221)** & **[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/galsendev221)**

### License 💼🎫

All the code published here is open source & under the **[MIT License](https://github.com/Galsen-Dev-LAB/python-weekly/blob/master/LICENSE.md)** ✔
